Yes, he is traveling just like you.
Now that he has found his Mo, it turns out that this bureau has not been around since so many years ago.
No. then,
When we arrived at Qingyangguai, we found your grandfather holding you,
Also discovered this coincidence.
At that time, you were seven or eight years old, and your appearance was somewhat similar to that man.
But your grandfather had already become Zuojiang at that time,
I'm worried about his violent protection, so,
Still living here.
Then why are you stronger?
In fact, I have already figured it out,
What is the true method of eternal life?
The number of negative goods.
This is just people’s direct thoughts.
If I really resurrected them
They are no longer the same people as before.
But a group
The monster wearing foreskin is right, Xue Yuzhu
Maybe it’s not as magical as everyone thinks
It will be as evil as everyone says
The Wheel of Heaven
British violence
Everything is destined
Been talking nonsense for most of my life
I'm not as open to it as you are.
It's really ridiculous
Now I can’t see it, it’s not sold and I can’t finish it. The beauty of the leaf is heart.
And Xuan Jin’s old man
Estimated until now
Still thinking of ways to kill me in the right place
where
What are you doing here? Why will you meet me later?
Shangze Weiriqing Eat more milk and seek more days
Today one by one, I was shocked
It's too late for me to wait. Go and open the door.